MAJOR ENHANCEMENTS:

    One major enhancement is the addition of the "hypothermia" meter at the top of the screen. It builds up the longer
the player stays outside, whether they move there or even do actions outside. If it reaches 5, the player dashes back
to the warmth of their residence. You can reduce this meter down to 0 if you "warm up" inside the buildings. This
feature forces the player to play smart and and plan how they can get to a certain location. It also makes them waste
valuable minutes "warming up" and taking detours through buildings instead of just cutting across campus using the paths.
If they manage to find a jacket however, this meter will not be a problem anymore and will remain at 0. Some places
are inaccessible without the jacket.

    Another major enhancement is related to the puzzles and how the player must find clues around UTM in order to progress or get
hidden items. Not too many items are just handed over to the player. For example, the cheat sheet is ripped in half
and the parts are scattered across campus. To get one part, you need to recite song lyrics, and you can get the lyrics
by wandering around campus and hearing the song outside. Even when you do get sheet parts, you need to staple them together at
specific locations on the map. This is just one example of how complex the process of getting some items is.

    In relation to the above enhancement is the note taking feature. The player can record anything they see at any
point in time during the game. Then they can look over these notes for reminders or piecing together clues to solve
a complex puzzle. It is up to the player how they want to use this feature, but in a game like this, it is extremely helpful.

MINOR ENHANCEMENTS:

    Some minor enhancements include some events that slightly alter locations. These events can be triggered by the time
on the clock, or based on the user's interactions with the location. Another small enhancement is the max textbook carrying
size. A player can at max, have 3 textbooks at once, so returning all of them is at once is not an option. Related to that
is dropping items. Wherever the user "drops" an item on the map, it can be "recovered" later in the same spot, helping out
with the carrying weight issue. Usable items are another small enhancement that can have amazing benefits to the user.
Some can only be used once, so the user has to plan ahead to make the most efficient use of them. The last small enhancement
is the scoring system. The player doesn't merely get points for collecting items or going to locations. They receive score
for doing something significant with those items, studying and completing achievements. Achievements reached, are revealed
when the player wins the game. They are unlocked based on the user's actions in-game, whether it means arriving early to the exam,
exploring every corner of UTM, etc. The player's mark is dependent on their final score, and achievements are an incredible
boon to this cause.

